1. Before doing any other investigation, list two or three questions that this infographic and explanation of methodology raise in your mind.
	The answer:
	a) How was the data collected?
	b) Is search data enough to represent actual eating habits?


2. Where can you find Google Trends search data? Provide the URL.
	The answer: https://trends.google.com/trends/


3. The article concluded that “milkshakes take the crown as the ultimate breakup food, topping the list in six states.” Pull up Google Trends data on Milkshake (beverage) and change the date range to February 1, 2024 through February 28, 2025.
a) What is the highest peak recorded in the line chart for “Interest over time”?
	The answer: It is in Jan 31-Feb 28,2025 (Milkshake 100)
b) What is the lowest dip recorded?
	The answer: Nov 30-Dec 31,2024 (Milkshake 65)


4. At the top next to the box for “Milkshake,” there is a plus sign to add another search term. Click the plus sign to add a search for Hamburger (Food).
a) What is the highest peak recorded for searches using Hamburger? What is the lowest dip?
	The answer: The highest peak is Apr 30-May 31,2024 .The lowest dip is Nov 30-Dec 31,2024
b) What happened to the line for Milkshake? What do the high and low look like now?
	The answer: It looks slightly stable because now its values are between 20-40


5. Why did the line for Milkshake change? Hint: Click on the icon next to “Interest over time” for more information about how trend results are displayed.
	The answer: Search interest over a specific time period, displayed on a relative scale from 0 to 100, where 100 signifies the peak interest for the time period of the chart. A value of 50 indicates half the popularity of the peak, and 0 suggests insufficient data.


6. Add a third term to your search, this time for Breakup (Topic).
a) Do you see any patterns that suggest a relationship between searches for Breakup and Hamburger?
	The answer: No I didn't see any patterns between searches for Breakup and Hamburger.
b) How about between Breakup and Milkshake?
	The answer: There is no patterns between Breakup and Milkshake.


7. What does all of this suggest about the reliability of the conclusions reached in the article?
	The answer: After adding breakup (Topic) to the Hamburger and Milkshake and since there is no patterns between them, I think the article's conclusions is not reliable.


8. At the upper right of Google Trends, click on the link for “Back to Classic Explore.”
Notice that this view includes a section for “Compared breakdown by subregion.”
a) What was the top state by interest for Milkshake?
	The answer: Alabama
b) What was the top state by interest for Hamburger?
	The answer: South Dakota


9. Use the download icon to download a csv file with these search trend results. Save it
to your DataAnalytics/week-01 folder as GTrends_milkshake_hamburger_2024.csv


10. OPTIONAL: Spend a little more time exploring Google Trends results for other
“breakup foods” listed in the article. Some more food for thought:
a) What are the differences you notice between searching for between searching for a
term as a “search term” versus as a categorical term? What thoughts does this
raise in your mind about working with Google Trends data?
∗ For example, compare “Milkshake (beverage)” to “Milkshake (search term)”,
then compare “Hamburger (Food)” to “Burger (search term)”
	The answer: I compared “Hamburger (Food)” to “Burger (search term), The search term gives general information while specific category gives more accurate information. Average interest is Burger 86 | Hamburger 73.

a) Try comparing “Hamburger (Food)” to some search terms oriented toward pop
culture or current events. For instance, you might compare to “football” or
“olympics.” What do you notice? What do you think other patterns in search
behavior might represent?
	The answer: I compared "Hamburger (Food)" to "Football (search term)", football shows much higher interest, Average interest is Football 44 | Hamburger 9.